welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called bloodlust
beauty from 2019.
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
and i hope you enjoy it
at the beginning of the movie we saw a
girl named miriam and her husband roy
was talking to his business partner on
the phone so that he could get the
project nowadays roy's financial
situation was not so great and that's
why he was not treating mariam very well
on the other side we saw a painter named
yuda he asked the hotel owner about the
address of his new house
the owner of the hotel showed him the
address and then yuda went there after
reaching there he was trying to paint
something but he had no idea about what
he should draw and suddenly yuda saw
miriam she was looking so beautiful in a
red dress
yuda went after her on the other side we
saw mariam's husband roy he went to a
guy named ozy ozy was a gangster and he
had a business of providing loans but
when someone didn't return his money on
time he would torture them very badly or
he would kill them roy was also in debt
to ozy but instead of giving the money
back he asked for more money he told him
that if i can get this project then i
will return your money with interest roy
agreed with him and gave him his boss's
money and threatened him to return the
money in time
miriam went to her dad's grave and
started to cry in her dad's memory
when mariam went back home yuda went
there after her and he started to draw
her secretly because a beautiful girl
like mariam was the perfect model for
his painting
miriam noticed yuda and suddenly went
there and caught him red-handed she
asked him how are you drawing my
portrait without my permission yuda said
sorry to her and said that i'm a painter
i couldn't figure out what i should draw
but then i saw you
and i thought that you were the perfect
model for my painting miriam forgave him
since he was a painter and asked him to
make a painting of herself and her dad
yuda agreed with her but when miriam
told him that i need my husband's
permission for this we saw that yuta
became a little upset because he had no
idea that miriam was married
in the evening when roy came back home
miriam asked him for permission to make
the paintings but roy told her that
we're already in a financial problem and
you want to make a painting at this time
have you gone mad but when miriam told
him that the painter would make those
paintings for free then roy gave her
permission without any hesitation the
next day miriam went to the painter's
house and then she gave him a photo of
her dad to make his painting and told
him that her father was such a good man
and he had so much respect for woman he
also taught me self-defense
after that marion begins to spend more
and more time with yuda so that yuda
could make a good painting of her one
day roy called his house and asked the
maid about mariam she told him that
miriam went to the painter to make those
paintings
after hearing this roy started to have a
doubt that his wife must be cheating on
him and that's why he was about to come
back home early
but then the men of ozy came there and
put him into the car and took him to
their boss
ozzie punched him in the face and asked
him to return the money
roy immediately called his partner and
asked him if they got the project or not
his partner told him that the project
had been canceled and some of our
colleagues have been arrested by the
police
then we saw that the police were outside
of roy's partner's house which means
they've come to arrest him as well
roy became so shocked after hearing this
and ozy realized that his project had
been canceled
ozy became so angry and he was about to
cut off roy's fingers but then roy
stopped him and told him that i will
sell my house and return your money
but the problem is this house was in
merriam's name and now roy just needs to
convince miriam and that's why ozy gave
him another chance
on the other side we saw that miriam was
putting the painting of her father and
herself on the wall
but then we saw someone else in the
house and he was spying on miriam then
suddenly miriam found the beheaded head
of her cat on the dining table she got
so scared and started to scream loudly
she loved that cat so much
yuda heard her scream and came to the
house
he tried to calm her down but then the
maid saw them together and that's why
miriam told yuda to get out of there
because this could lead to a
misunderstanding between her and her
husband
when roy came back home miriam told him
that i found the head of our cat on the
dining table
roy was also so shocked after hearing
this he told her that we should sell
this house
miriam got so shocked after hearing this
and told him that this house is the only
memory of my father and i will never
sell this house
then roy asked her if she wanted to see
his head on that table tomorrow and we
realized that ozy's man killed the cat
so that miriam would easily agree to
sell the house
but miriam didn't agree with him
then roy told her that you're cheating
on me with that painter and that's why
you don't care about me at all after
saying this roy left the house and
informed ozy that miriam is not agreeing
on selling the house
after hearing this ozy told him if
miriam dies then the property will be
yours
roy was so angry and he also had a doubt
that his wife and the painter were in a
relationship
and that's why he told ozy to kill his
own wife
and made a plan so that the painter will
get arrested for his wife's murder
after that ozy kidnapped yuda and marry
him
on the other side roy was recalling the
memories of miriam and now he was
feeling guilty about his decision
that's why he realized that whatever he
had done to marry him was so wrong then
he called ozy and cancelled the plan of
killing his wife
roy also told him not to do anything to
his wife
but since ozy was not a good guy he gave
miriam to his men
all of his men raped mariam one by one
but miriam knew self-defense because of
her dad therefore she hit them and tried
to run away from there ozya was also
torturing yuda but somehow he also freed
himself and helped miriam to run away
from there but one of ozy's men stabbed
him with a knife and he became injured
on the other side miriam went to the
bridge while running she asked from a
car but that was ozi's car and after
some time all of ozy's men came here as
well they stabbed her with a knife and
pushed her down from the bridge
but yuda was the witness of this murder
yuda told everything to the police but
the police couldn't find her body
anywhere and that's why they started to
blame him for the murder
on the other side we saw roy he was
sleeping suddenly he heard a cat noise
and he woke up when he went downstairs
he found his dead cat his whole body was
covered in blood
and then he saw the beheaded head of
miriam on the table
he got so scared and suddenly he woke up
but then he again got into the nightmare
and in this nightmare miriam was scaring
him and just like before he again woke
up from his sleep and again saw miriam
and he got very sick
meanwhile the villagers were talking
about miriam's soul on the bridge
on the other side roy was waiting for
the death certificate of miriam so that
he could sell the house and return ozy's
money and then we saw that miriam
seduced a man of ozy and took him to the
bridge
he was so drunk
after that she killed him just like that
she killed another man of ozy to take
revenge
yuda was also having nightmares he saw
that miriam was trying to kill him and
then suddenly he woke up the next
morning they found two dead bodies on
the bridge and miriam killed them last
night the villagers were talking about
miriam's soul
ozzie's men were also scared since two
of their friends had died but ozy told
them that there's no such thing as a
ghost and we don't have to be scared
yuda was also talking to the villagers
about her ghost
the villagers believed that after the
murder miriam had become so powerful as
a ghost
and she's taking revenge on the people
who killed her but yuda told them that
miriam was such a nice girl and she
could not kill these men like this
another night miriam killed another man
of ozy and when the other guy tried to
go outside miriam cut his throat with
her power when ozy came back and saw the
dead bodies of his men he got so scared
the last of his men ran away from there
while he was running away miriam also
killed him
on the other side ozil went to yudah's
house to save his life
because he believed that if he stays
with yuda then miriam will not harm him
and he told yuda that roy ordered me to
kill miriam so that he could sell the
house and i could get the money back
after hearing this yuda became so mad at
him and he locked ozy in his house and
went to roy
he tried to make him tell the truth he
told him to accept his guilt but roy
didn't want to go to jail and that's why
he started to break stuff and screamed
loudly so that all the people would
think yuda had killed them all and now
he came here to kill him as well
after hearing the noise and screaming
the villagers came to roy's house and
they went back with yuda yudha told them
that roy kidnapped me and marry him with
the help of ozy and then they killed
miriam yuda took them to his home to
make them believe him but when he went
to his house he saw that the door was
already open
and ozy's dead body was hanging from the
ceiling
all the people started to have doubts
about yuda but he told them that if i'd
killed him then i would never take you
all to my house
but none of them listened to him
therefore you to trick them and ran away
the next day the police went to roy's
house to protect him so that yudah
wouldn't attack him anymore at night roy
saw that miriam was inside the house
he got so scared and came outside he
told it to the police and the police
went to his bedroom to check and then
the boss of ozy kidnapped him
the name of his boss was koton he told
him that i've given that money to ozy
and he gave that money to you and now
since he is dead it's your
responsibility to return the money and
if you don't do this then i will kill
your family right now your mom and your
sister will also be part of this
after that roy went to that bridge with
koton's men and an exorcist to get rid
of miriam's ghost
the exorcist started the exorcism and
miriam came to the bridge but he
couldn't do any harm to marry him he
told them that this soul is so powerful
and then the exorcist ran away from
there
and then koton's men began to shoot
miriam but miriam cut his throat with
his own knife
roy was so scared to see this and began
to say sorry to her meanwhile yuda also
came there and stopped miriam he told
her that i know you haven't died yet
you're still alive
you went to a house by the river and
planned to kill everyone and take your
revenge since your dad was a member of
the special force he taught you
everything about self-defense and you
had no option but to become a ghost
the whole village is scared of you and
that made it easy for you to take your
revenge
after knowing this roy said sorry to her
he told her that when i found out you
had an affair with this painter i
couldn't help myself and i told ozy to
kill both of you
but still i love you a lot and i tried
so much so that ozy doesn't kill you but
it was too late yuda told him that
there's nothing between us
miriam always respected your love and
she cannot even think about cheating on
you
roy said that i know miriam deserves so
much better than me and if she wants
then she can kill me right now i love
her a lot miriam started to cry after
hearing this and dropped the knife
roy hugged her and told her that they
will start their life from the beginning
but then koton's men hit yuda in his
head
but before he could kill him miriam
threw that knife into his chest and he
died but then roy stabbed miriam from
the back and told her that he loves her
but he needs to kill her for his family
because the life of his family members
was in danger yuda became so angry and
killed roy with that stone
and then miriam died and euda's lap yuda
dropped her dead body into the river and
surrendered himself to the police
yuda got arrested and we saw that koton
got his hand on miriam's house
but now miriam has become a real ghost
she killed him in all of his men and at
the end of the movie we saw that ozy had
also become a ghost and he was scaring
the woman who were crossing the bridge
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below and at last i
will say stay safe stay well thanks